As Technical Architect and DevOps Engineer we are responsible providing best possible solution in given situation that meets the Client requirement. We working to learn new technologies and updating ouselves. Also managing the Environment and keeping it stable. We need to go through several situation where Analytical abilities gets applied while Managing the multiple Server that requires a systematic approach to keep the constant configuration across all the environment and geographies. So any proposed solution may come with some complexity , So we have to be extra vigilant while applying these on the existing setup.


MBU has provided the continual learning Environment. Getting to work on many Projects in short span of time and that involve many new tools and technologies. In order to keep pace with the latest technological changes, We have to be updated and keep on learning new tools and adapt new approach. I always try to learn new technologies and acquire new competency, involved in continual learning process with the time.Also Added new Clould experince and Growing it wider scope.

 Customer requirement is always on priority whenever working towards AKS Setup or CICD through Pipeline setup. Also Working towards Cost management by applying some solution like (reusing the Cloud resources, Stopping the AKS Cluster while not in use). Working to keep the environment updated and stable from the Business and Customer Point of view. Always maintaining the Customer oriented approach within our scope. Also Suggested some best Practice to be followed.


MBU has been providing many initaitive on which we can get enrolled. So many initiative has been taken in form of POC to get the desired output, Pro-activeness has been shown in many scenarios where some new component or tools has to be added in the solution . As we are working on multiple technologies and doing some hit and trail approach .Some Comparative analysis has to be done as well among available tools in terms of cost and ease of implementation. Azure Cloud Platform consist of many tools and feature we have tried and implemented some enhancement to the Pipelines.

MBU is dedicated to work on Advance Technology and Niche skill. So it Provides a great platform to learn new things and do some innovation. Currently we are working with Digital Platform and getting work towards many tools and technologies. So suggesting innovative solution is very much required, but that also can be within the scope of client requirement and available technology stack. We try to provide best and original solution to our customer. which is accepted widely as a standard method.

It is very important to work as team player. In MBU we have a great Team to work with and lot of scope to learn new technology everyday. Team skill is very much required in order to understand the current situation and challenges faced by team. I have always been a good team player and understand the team member requirement whether it be a technical challenges or some process oriented issue. Working on my team skill to improve it further to fit in any team. Leading a team as well.

I strongly belives and understand the Principles , TATA code of conduct. As I have been associated with this organisation for quite a long time now. My action and activities are always aligned with the values and principal of my organisation. Values and Conduct are very important part of carrier growth as well. Am aware of Tata code of conduct.

As we are working on latest technology which is growing and changing rapidly, So it is important for us to keep up the pace and deliver the solution by using various tools and techniques . Some scope of Creativity is also there where we can Experiments with new approaches and effectively utilizes creativity to enhance outcomes.So we are trying to utlise these and implementing in our Project work. Also Suggesting Client what is best available tools and standard to be followed while working on Cloud Platform.

Working on Client facing Project gives an opportunity to Services customer requirements while also focusing on customer delight.We are trying to put customer requirement as priority while adding value to business relationship. Following the best practice and standards suggested by client and being fully compliant with the policy.