Hands-on knowledge on Kubernetes architecture, cluster management and cluster networking. -
§ Experience on deployments, services, PVs, Ingress, network policies, plugins etc.
§ Managing Kubernetes clusters lifecycle.
§ Managing Network Security for containers. Defining policies, quotas, namespaces.
§ Metrics reporting (HA, usability, scalability, latency, traffic, error, saturation, etc.) for containers using Azure Monitor and Prometheus/Grafana - Monitoring system performance and recommending corrective actions.
§ Experience in Azure App Service, Azure API management, Azure Serverless technologies , Azure Devops
Responsibilities
§ Identification of AKS multi-cluster platform Design & Config requirements
§ Provisioning of AKS clusters (one NA, one Asia) for multi-tenancy across GWAM
§ Work closely with Customer team to define tools and technology needed to ensure standardized migration in target state
§ Create application packages & deploy to AKS using pipeline pattern using GitHub Actions
§ Recommendation and setup of DR and High-Availability for AKS platform (Active-Active run of applications)
§ Remediation of any security vulnerabilities relative to AKS platform (not application) standup
§ Remediation of performance issues that application team finds on an equivalent AKS cluster which was normally performing in on-premise

Azure Developer(Kubernetes)

5+

--------------------------------------
Key Skillset

§ Hands-on experience in implementation and operation of Docker Containers, Kubernetes,
§ Experience in networking principles, Kubernetes networking 
§ Need to have good troubleshooting skills to deal with cluster issues.
Responsibilities
§ Developing tools for automated build, test, deployment, and management of the Kubernetes platform.
§ Managing Network Security for containers. Defining policies, quotas, namespaces.
§ Setting up Kubernetes ingress controllers & Load Balancers (Nginx), RBAC, Docker containers,
§ and securing & hardening of images.
§ Drive and support migration of services to production K8S environments.